Scheduling Algorithms
This project involves implementing several different process scheduling algorithms. The scheduler will be assigned a predefined set of tasks and will schedule the tasks based on the selected scheduling algorithm.  Each task is assigned a priority and CPU burst. The following scheduling algorithms will be implemented:

First-come, first-served (FCFS), which schedules tasks in the order in which they request the CPU.
Shortest-job-first (SJF), which schedules tasks in order of the length of the tasks' next CPU burst.
Priority scheduling, which schedules tasks based on priority.
Round-robin (RR) scheduling, where each task is run for a time quantum (or for the remainder of its CPU burst).
Priority with round-robin, which schedules tasks in order of priority and uses round-robin scheduling for tasks with equal priority.
Priorities range from 1 to 10, where a higher numeric value indicates a higher relative priority.  For round-robin scheduling, the length of a time quantum is 10 milliseconds.

Implementation
The schedule of tasks has the form [task name] [priority] [CPU burst], with the following example format:

T1, 4, 20
T2, 2, 25
T3, 3, 25
T4, 3, 15
T5, 10, 10
Thus, task T1 has priority 4 and a CPU burst of 20 milliseconds, and so forth.  It is assumed that all tasks arrive at the same time, so your scheduler algorithms do not have to support higher-priority processes preempting processes with lower priorities. In addition, tasks do not have to be placed into a queue or list in any particular order.

II. C Implementation Details
The file driver.c reads in the schedule of tasks, inserts each task into a linked list, and invokes the process scheduler by calling the schedule() function.  The schedule() function executes each task according to the specified scheduling algorithm.  Tasks selected for execution on the CPU are determined by the pickNextTask() function and are executed by invoking the run() function defined in the CPU.c file.  A Makefile is used to determine the specific scheduling algorithm that will be invoked by driver.  For example, to build the FCFS scheduler, we would enter

make fcfs
and would execute the scheduler (using the schedule of tasks schedule.txt) as follows:

./fcfs schedule.txt
